Once you created a GitHub repository,
no matter if it's public or private,
you connect it,
so to say,
to your local Git repository
by running the git remote command,
to be precise, the git remote add command,
typically.
This adds a remote repository,
like this GitHub Repository,
to your local repository.
It establishes a connection.
You can then thereafter
start pushing your local commits
to that cloud repository,
so that they are stored there.
And since these commits
include all the code and code changes,
your code is effectively stored in the cloud,
so on GitHub.
And you can download commits,
which you don't have on your machine yet,
with git pull.
And we'll see these commands in action
throughout the rest of this section here.
Now I did create this repository here,
and at the moment,
it has no content.
I do have my local git repository here though,
which does have code and content.
In order to connect it,
we must run git remote add,
but this alone is not enough.
You, first of all,
need to give this GitHub repository a name,
a local name.
Now, you can choose any name you want,
but a very common name is origin.
You'll see that in almost all local Git repositories,
and therefore, I'll also use origin here.
But again, you can use any name here.
This is just a local identifier
of this remote Repository.
You also,
and that's very important now,
must provide a URL to that GitHub repository,
or to that remote repository in general,
since GitHub,
as mentioned,
isn't the only provider.
And that's the URL GitHub is showing to us here.
You can grab that URL,
so you can copy it.
And that's the URL you have to paste in here
for this git remote add command.
This command,
git remote add,
will then add a new link,
a new connection you could say,
to this remote repository here.
And this will be the local identifier,
origin will be the local identifier,
which we need later to push our commits
to that remote repository.
And you could add connections
to multiple remote repositories
by simply using different identifiers
with git remote add.
Now here,
if I hit enter,
this adds this connection.
And now, we could try to push our local commits,
our local code,
to this remote repository.
We'll do that next.